src/blog/do-you-have-a-question.md, before:

---
title: Do You Have a Question?
date: 2023-03-31
tableOfContents: false
copyDescription: false
---

Then, these websites have the answers.

## Does my site deserve recognition?

I have a website—this is the website—and I do not know that my website is good enough. Then, this website can be the way for me to check the quality of my website.

[Does My Site Deserve Recognition?](https://doesmysitedeserverecognition.com/)

## Does my site need HTTPS?

I use [Netlify](https://netlify.com/) to host this website. It automatically provides my website with a certificate. But, do I actually need it? Then, I can know the answer by taking a look at the following website.

[Does my site need HTTPS?](https://doesmysiteneedhttps.com/)

## Should I use a carousel?

Microsoft uses a carousel for the homepage, I should probably use it too. But, it is hard to make.

[Microsoft – Cloud, Computers, Apps & Gaming](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/)

Hmm, do I really need a carousel to show hiring managers that I know what I am doing? The answer is available on the following website.

[Should I Use A Carousel?](https://shouldiuseacarousel.com/)

## Do I need a custom select?

The native dropdown menu is not looking good. I need to use a custom select. Then, I need to choose the one that is accessible. This way, I get a good-looking and accessible dropdown menu for my form design.

Well, not so fast.

[Do I need a custom Select?](https://doineedacustomselect.com/)

## Can I use container queries?

By the time I am writing this, container queries get supported in Chrome, Edge, and Opera behind the flags. In other words, it should not be used for production yet.

How do I know that? You can find the answer by accessing the following website.

[Can I use... Support tables for HTML5, CSS3, etc](https://caniuse.com/)

## Can I include `<h1>` inside `<a>`?

No, I can not. It is invalid HTML.

Check it yourself — [Caninclude](https://caninclude.glitch.me/)

## Do I need a virtual private network (VPN)?

I do not want my Internet Service Provider (ISP) knows that I copy-paste code from GitHub or StackOverflow. I mean, I do not want my ISP to know that I am a developer. So, I should probably use a VPN.

[Do I need a VPN?](https://www.doineedavpn.com/)

## Others

The websites in this section are a bit different. They give you a statement instead of asking a question.

### You might not need JavaScript

I do not need to use JavaScript if my website does not have interactivity or dynamic kinds of stuff.

The following website does not cover things like:

- You do not need JavaScript if you are building a static blog post
- You do not need JavaScript to change the color of a text
- You do not need JavaScript to be a front-end developer—please someone makes this a reality

It covers things that you can build with HTML and CSS only. But, I do not recommend blindly following it. Some of them are not accessible. Probably most of them.

[You Might Not Need JavaScript](http://youmightnotneedjs.com/)

### You might not need jQuery

Modern JavaScript is amazing. The fact that modern browsers support ECMAScript 2015 (ES6), makes writing modern JavaScript completely acceptatble. It is also much more fun to write modern syntax than the old one.

For example, the arrow function makes writing functions simpler.

```javascript
// You can do
const doSomething = () => makeSomething();

// Instead of
function doSomething() {
  makeSomething();
}
```

That might not be a good example. But, the following website can give you good examples.

[You Might Not Need jQuery](https://youmightnotneedjquery.com/)

### You might not need a lot of things

*Less is more.*

You can see the collections of "You might not need" websites.

[You Might Not Need *](https://youmightnotneed.com/)

[you-dont-need/You-Dont-Need: People choose popular projects, often not because it applies to their problems](https://github.com/you-dont-need/You-Dont-Need)

Commit message:

Improve the "do you have a question" blog post
This commit improves it by:

- Fixing typos
- Removing irrelevant paragraph
- Adding a joke as the closing

src/blog/do-you-have-a-question.md, after:

---
title: Do You Have a Question?
date: 2023-03-31
tableOfContents: false
copyDescription: false
---

Then, these websites have the answers.

## Does my site deserve recognition?

I have a website—this is the website—and I do not know that my website is good enough. Then, this website can be the way for me to check the quality of my website.

[Does My Site Deserve Recognition?](https://doesmysitedeserverecognition.com/)

## Does my site need HTTPS?

I use [Netlify](https://netlify.com/) to host this website. It automatically provides my website with a certificate. But, do I actually need it? Then, I can know the answer by taking a look at the following website.

[Does my site need HTTPS?](https://doesmysiteneedhttps.com/)

## Should I use a carousel?

Microsoft uses a carousel for the homepage, I should probably use it too. But, it is hard to make.

[Microsoft – Cloud, Computers, Apps & Gaming](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/)

Hmm, do I really need a carousel to show hiring managers that I know what I am doing? The answer is available on the following website.

[Should I Use A Carousel?](https://shouldiuseacarousel.com/)

## Do I need a custom select?

The native dropdown menu is not looking good. I need to use a custom select. Then, I need to choose the one that is accessible. This way, I get a good-looking and accessible dropdown menu for my form design.

Well, not so fast.

[Do I need a custom Select?](https://doineedacustomselect.com/)

## Can I use container queries?

By the time I am writing this, container queries only get supported in Chrome, Edge, and Opera behind the flags. In other words, it should not be used for production yet.

How do I know that? You can find the answer by accessing the following website.

[Can I use... Support tables for HTML5, CSS3, etc](https://caniuse.com/)

## Can I include `<h1>` inside `<a>`?

No, I can not. It is invalid HTML.

Check it yourself — [Caninclude](https://caninclude.glitch.me/)

## Do I need a virtual private network (VPN)?

I do not want my Internet Service Provider (ISP) knows that I copy-paste code from GitHub or StackOverflow. I mean, I do not want my ISP to know that I am a developer. So, I should probably use a VPN.

[Do I need a VPN?](https://www.doineedavpn.com/)

## Others

The websites in this section are a bit different. They give you a statement instead of asking a question.

### You might not need JavaScript

The following website does not cover things like:

- You do not need JavaScript if you are building a static blog post
- You do not need JavaScript to change the color of a text
- You do not need JavaScript to be a front-end developer—please someone makes this a reality

It covers things that you can build with HTML and CSS only. But, I do not recommend blindly following it. Some of them are not accessible. Probably most of them.

[You Might Not Need JavaScript](http://youmightnotneedjs.com/)

### You might not need jQuery

Modern JavaScript is amazing. The fact that modern browsers support ECMAScript 2015 (ES6), makes writing modern JavaScript completely acceptable. It is also much more fun to write modern syntax than the old one.

For example, the arrow function makes writing functions simpler.

```javascript
// You can do
const doSomething = () => makeSomething();

// Instead of
function doSomething() {
  makeSomething();
}
```

That might not be a good example. But, the following website can give you good examples.

[You Might Not Need jQuery](https://youmightnotneedjquery.com/)

### You might not need a lot of things

*Less is more.*

You can see the collections of "You might not need" websites.

[You Might Not Need *](https://youmightnotneed.com/)

[you-dont-need/You-Dont-Need: People choose popular projects, often not because it applies to their problems](https://github.com/you-dont-need/You-Dont-Need)

## Still do not get the answer to your question?

Good luck with finding the answer. Or ask yourself, *"Does your question need an answer?"*
