src/accessibility-statement.md, before:

---
layout: layouts/general.njk
title: Accessibility Statement
description: I want this website to be as easy to use as possible for as many people as possible, no matter what their device, browser, network speed, or ability are.
---

## Compliance status

This website is partially conformant with [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) version 2.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/) at level AA. Partially conformant means that some parts of the content do not fully conform to the accessibility standard.

I have done a manual accessibility audit on this website. But, I do not fully understand WCAG so I can not make any claims about whether I *actually* have met the criterion or not.

See how I did the audit — [I Used WCAG 2.1 Quick Reference to Do a Manual Accessibility Audit — Vanza Setia](/blog/i-used-wcag-2-1-quick-reference-to-do-a-manual-accessibility-audit/)

Anyway, I can make sure that this website:

- Has a color contrast ratio of 11.71:1
- Has valid HTML
- Contains images with alternative text for essential images
- Has descriptive labels for links
- Allows you to view the content in any orientation
- Enables you to zoom in and out

## Compatibility with browsers

I built this website to be compatible with:

- Chromium-based browsers such as Google Chrome and Brave: This website is compatible with chromium version 66 to the latest version.
- Firefox-based browsers such as Mozilla Firefox and LibreWolf.

I do not support Internet Explorer.

## What I am doing to improve accessibility

I keep learning to gain more knowledge about web accessibility.

As a developer of this website, I will continue to improve its accessibility. I see it as a journey, not a one-and-done thing.

## Feedback

I welcome your feedback on the accessibility of this website. Please let me know if you have any trouble accessing any part of this website, I will try my best to fix the problem:

- [Send me an email](mailto:venusbumi2@gmail.com)
- [Raise a GitHub issue](https://github.com/vanzasetia/vanzasetia.site/issues/new)

Commit message:

Add limitations to accessibility statement

src/accessibility-statement.md, after:

---
layout: layouts/general.njk
title: Accessibility Statement
description: I want this website to be as easy to use as possible for as many people as possible, no matter what their device, browser, network speed, or ability are.
---

## Compliance status

This website is partially conformant with [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) version 2.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/) at level AA. Partially conformant means that some parts of the content do not fully conform to the accessibility standard.

I have done a manual accessibility audit on this website. But, I do not fully understand WCAG so I can not make any claims about whether I *actually* have met the criterion or not.

See how I did the audit — [I Used WCAG 2.1 Quick Reference to Do a Manual Accessibility Audit — Vanza Setia](/blog/i-used-wcag-2-1-quick-reference-to-do-a-manual-accessibility-audit/)

Anyway, I can make sure that this website:

- Has a color contrast ratio of 11.71:1
- Has valid HTML
- Contains images with alternative text for essential images
- Has descriptive labels for links
- Allows you to view the content in any orientation
- Enables you to zoom in and out

## Compatibility with browsers

I built this website to be compatible with:

- Chromium-based browsers such as Google Chrome and Brave: This website is compatible with chromium version 66 to the latest version.
- Firefox-based browsers such as Mozilla Firefox and LibreWolf.

I do not support Internet Explorer.

## Limitations

This website uses Webmention to display comments. The comments may contain unusual words and require a high reading ability—or in other words, they may be hard to understand.

Also, links may have the same text content or label even though they have different purposes.

## What I am doing to improve accessibility

I keep learning to gain more knowledge about web accessibility.

As a developer of this website, I will continue to improve its accessibility. I see it as a journey, not a one-and-done thing.

## Feedback

I welcome your feedback on the accessibility of this website. Please let me know if you have any trouble accessing any part of this website, I will try my best to fix the problem:

- [Send me an email](mailto:venusbumi2@gmail.com)
- [Raise a GitHub issue](https://github.com/vanzasetia/vanzasetia.site/issues/new)
